- (thumping)
- (tense music playing)
- (gasps)
- (music softens)
♪
(sighs)
voice (echoes):
Emeline.
(music intensifies)
Hello?
♪
This isn't funny.
Sister.
♪
(voices whispering)
(rustling)
(Sister gasping)
(sand falling, rustling)
Sister.
- (blade slices)
- (gasps)
(gasps)
(panting)
(Sisters groaning,
crying, panting)
(yelps)
(unsettling music playing)
Emeline?
♪
(suspenseful music playing)
(growling)
(music softens)
- (grunting)
- (blade clatters)
(both panting)
- What just happened?
- It's alright.
- Where am I?
- (whimpers)
- It was just a dream.
(heavy breathing)
(dramatic theme playing)
(singers vocalizing)
♪
(theme concludes)
(light, plucky music playing)
(drink pouring)
Aunt Valya,
I can't believe
this is the first time
we've had you
at our table.
Her fortunes fade, nephew.
Ousted from
the palace.
Nowhere to go
but the family
she shunned.
The only thing fading,
dear uncle, is your health.
It saddens me
that your suffering
- has been this prolonged.
- Oh, I'm sure it does.
If I may ask...
what happened
at the royal engagement?
- An accident?
- That Richese boy was murdered.
You sound
so sure.
Everyone's talking
about it.
I assumed it was your kind
spreading the rumor.
We serve truth.
Hearsay serves panic.
(mouth full)
He doesn't mean
to offend.
- Our house wouldn't know
what a Truthsayer does.
- (chuckling)
Well, perhaps it's time
that changed.
The Sisterhood would like
to elevate House Harkonnen
by offering you
the services
of a Truthsayer.
After decades
standing idly by
while your own house
claws its way
out of the shit,
- now you choose to appear?
- Perhaps we should confer.
The Sisterhood
acknowledges
its oversight.
You abandoned us.
(coughs)
Strange,
I seem to remember it
the other way around.
(gagging, wheezing coughs)
(voices whispering)
- (whispering stops)
- (coughing and gagging continue)
(inhaling)
Harrow, you could
represent this house
at the Landsraad.
The decision is yours.
Don't be a fool.
She's after something.
Well, the more
important thing
here is,
what are you after,
Harrow?
Better incentives
for the whale fur trade.
Sister Theodosia,
tell this young man
what he truly desires.
(heartbeat thumping)
He's afraid that
the other houses
laugh at him.
No... worse.
That they pity him.
- (heartbeat)
- That he's so far beneath,
he's not even worth
being considered.
He desires respect...
for himself
and for his house.
Valya Harkonnen:
What better way
to gain respect
than by having
the Mother Superior
as your Truthsayer?
You would stand
by my side?
As she stabs you
in the back.
Let me prove our worth
by ensuring you a seat
at the High Council.
(intense music plays)
♪
Emperor Javicco Corrino:
I'm glad the food
is to your liking.
I've never had
such riches.
Javicco: Well, you'll have
nothing but the finest
treatment from us here.
Isn't that right, children?
So, we're having breakfast
with killers now?
Desmond,
I hear you slaughtered
many Fremen on Arrakis.
What I've done,
I've done for the good
of the Imperium.
Well, that makes me
happy to hear.
Father, there's
a rumor circulating
about Pruwet's death.
Have you heard it?
I have.
And does it
bother you?
What bothers me
is the disrespect.
The talking
behind my back.
That is
the definition
of a rumor.
(chuckles)
There's no proof
the boy was murdered.
It's absolute nonsense.
Regardless,
it has left me terrified
living in my own home.
Mother Superior,
now that you've
dismissed her,
I'd like to follow her
to Wallach IX,
like we planned.
Ynez, I'm sorry,
but that's no longer
an option.
Your mother's right.
We need you here.
Show a united front...
especially for
the High Council.
She doesn't attend
Why not let her get away?
At least for a while.
So, the one who got
us into this mess
has an opinion on how
it should be handled?
How is this rumor my fault?
Because it must've
come from the Richeses.
If you kept
your pants buckled
and your mouth shut,
- they wouldn't have any
false accusations to spread.
- This is such a farce.
The rumor's true,
isn't it?
Your new attack dog
murdered Pruwet.
- Didn't you?
- That boy broke
the first and highest law.
No thinking machines.
And he was met
with the appropriate
consequences.
We will not be united
as long as he stands
at your side.
(tense music playing)
Sit down.
♪
(ancestral whispers)
Sister Emeline:
I saw myself moving
towards the well.
(whispers continue)
If Jen hadn't
been there...
Sister Jen:
Mother Tula?
(whispering stops)
Yes. Sorry.
Uh, what else
did you see?
- There was sand.
- Sand?
Perhaps these acolytes
should return to their studies.
Reverend Mother Tula,
there are stories
about Mother Dorotea.
(muffled clicking)
Mother Dorotea took her
own life out of grief,
over the death
of our founder.
Her memory should
not be dishonored.
(muffled clicking continues)
- Are you using
truthsense on me?
- Sister Emeline.
(clicking stops)
- I'm sorry.
- Good. Let's all get
back to our studies,
as Sister Avila
suggested.
(sighs)
She's just grasping
for answers.
Everyone is.
Emeline wasn't the only one
having nightmares.
All of the acolytes were.
Hers just involved
sleepwalking.
You all had it?
The same dream?
You'd have
to ask the others.
I didn't have one.
Sister Lila
and Mother Kasha's
deaths have
troubled their
young minds.
It'll pass.
Best leave
it alone...
lest you start up
hysterics.
(regal music playing)
Speaker for the Hall:
House Yasu.
Yasu noble:
Present.
Speaker for the Hall:
House Hagal.
Lord Hagal:
Present.
Speaker for the Hall:
House Gbangbala.
Baron Gbangbala:
Present.
Speaker for the Hall:
House Vernius.
Vernius noble:
Present.
Speaker for the Hall:
House Yaoufirks.
Baron Yaoufirks:
Present.
Speaker for the Hall:
Like gravity brings order
to the ever-expanding
universe,
the governing body
of the Landsraad
brings stability
to our growing Imperium,
serving as a check against
tyranny, injustice, and war.
(horn blows)
The High Council
of the Landsraad
will now come to order.
Day one proceedings
begin now.
(thumping chests)
"What you seek...
is seeking you."
Javicco:
Uh, excuse me.
- Your Majesty.
- Sit.
Sit.
(fire crackling)
Was it you
spreading the rumor
the boy was murdered?
I would never use
the truth against you.
Though I suspect
there are others
that would.
Valya Harkonnen.
Is that why
you're destroying
Kasha's Sisterhood book?
The Sisterhood has waged
many a whisper campaign.
Perhaps the Great Houses
could follow your lead.
What, and remove
all the Truthsayers
from the Landsraad?
I might as well announce
I have something to hide.
The High Council
will use it as a pretext
to challenge my rule.
No one can take
your power away from you
unless you let them.
This is a time
to be bold.
My father...
when he walked
into a room,
all eyes would
look at him.
My forefathers
battled titans...
forged a new Imperium,
but me, they just see me
as a beneficiary
of my bloodline,
nothing more.
(Javicco sighs)
Now.
What about when
history is written?
How would you like
to be remembered?
As an emperor
that allowed the nobles
to tread all over him,
or one that brought
the Great Houses
to heel?
Those who
disrespect you,
disobey your laws...
threaten your rule...
show them the man
that you are.
(whispers)
Use me.
♪
Now is not the time.
The Imperium
needs stability.
The time to snuff a fire out
is when a fool lights a match.
Not after your house
burns down around you.
♪
I said no.
Horace:
Duri. My favorite Ixian.
Duri:
Who's this? I have rules.
- Oh, you can trust him.
- (laughs) I don't trust you.
We can all trust
this, though.
Ten million solari.
Do you know what
your little request
cost me?
- I had to lay low for weeks.
- But you got it?
They don't call me
"Duri don't worry"
for nothin'.
The Imperial guards
have been making
things difficult.
I had to improvise.
(beeping, power surges)
This will do all
the things you want,
but better.
Better how?
Really big boom.
(indistinct chatter)
(club music playing)
I see the Landsraad's
good for business.
Can't wait
to spoil the party.
- So, no issues
with the Ixian?
- Keiran Atreides: None.
Duri got us
an autonomous drone
modified with
a thermal bomb.
Once I release it
into the vents,
Duri swears
it will make its way
to the throne room.
As soon as the Emperor
makes his appearance
at the High Council,
Kieran unlatches
the grates.
Then you
hightail it out
before it
reaches the dais,
- and then...
- Our little resistance
becomes
a full-fledged
rebellion.
And the spice
will finally flow...
to all of us.
I'm gonna program in
the palace schematics.
Don't get into
too much trouble.
You, um, you sure
you're up for this?
You seem a little
bit spooked.
- I don't need
to convince you.
- No.
But you should probably
convince yourself.
Making the Imperium better
comes at a cost.
You ready to pay it?
(tense music playing)
Valya:
Tula, I received
word of Lila's death.
I know you must
be heartbroken.
She was a very brave
young woman.
(exhales)
You'll never guess
where I am.
But desperate times...
(sighs)
I feel haunted,
Tula, by our past.
I can't escape it.
Not even in my sleep.
I had a dream,
like Kasha.
(Valya softly gasps)
I could use you here
if you can--
(cracks, pieces clatter)
Sister Theodosia:
We got word from
Sister Mikaela.
The attack is
moving forward
as planned.
They're targeting
the Emperor's speech.
Let them.
Once I save
the Emperor's life
in full view,
we'll be back
in his good graces.
And what good is that
if Desmond Hart still lives?
(sighs)
It's not wise
to attack an enemy you
don't understand head-on.
First, take out its limbs...
diminish its strength.
And give yourself time
to understand its weaknesses.
The rebels are using
a thinking machine.
If you fail
to destroy it,
you and the Emperor
and everyone else
in that room will die.
(squishes)
I won't fail.
I will destroy
the machine
as soon as
the Atreides boy
releases it.
And then I will deliver him
as a traitor to the Emperor.
But first,
we need to get
my nephew out there
- on the High Council.
- How?
It wasn't us
that put the rumor
about Pruwet Richese
into play,
but play it we will.
(indistinct chatter)
(tense music playing)
Lord Hagal:
Take the machine.
Sister, is there a problem?
My Lord,
about the Richese boy.
Is there truth
in this rumor
of the boy's death?
Our Mentats calculate
the odds of immolation
by toy malfunction
at one in 2.5 million.
- So, it was a cover-up.
- Difficult to fully assess.
House Richese
is refusing
an investigation.
(softly)
Are you suggesting
they were threatened?
Uncertain.
But to launch
a formal inquiry
is within the power
of the Great Houses.
And if that inquiry
yields no wrongdoing
by the Emperor...
Then it could be
perceived that
whomever lodged
the accusation
is challenging his rule.
A treasonous act.
Our house cannot
suffer such a risk.
But you're right
about the precedent.
The Emperor
can't be given
the power to punish
any house on a whim.
Perhaps...
you could
sway a house
whose gain
outweighs the risks.
What house would be
so desperate?
A lesser house.
A disgraced house.
A house with
an over-eager baron.
(voices whispering)
- Harrow Harkonnen:
Aunt Valya.
- What is it?
The Landsraad,
it ends tomorrow.
I've yet to hear
from the High Council.
Shouldn't you be...
out doing what
you Sisters do?
(lift whirring)
(door whirring)
You were saying?
Mother Superior,
we didn't expect
your presence.
House Harkonnen's
new Truthsayer.
Impressive.
Please...
have a seat.
(light, plucky music playing)
(lift whirring)
So, you must already know
House Richese's departure
left a vacancy
on the High Council.
With your robust
trade experience
in whale fur,
your talents
would be most welcome
on the High Council.
We're here to extend
a formal invitation.
♪
(whispers)
Outstanding work.
House Harkonnen
dutifully accepts.
There is one thing
we ask, Baron.
We must be assured that
you hold common cause
with the High Council.
Baron Gbangbala:
It is worrisome,
wouldn't you agree?
The conditions under which
House Richese departed.
Mm, it has been
a source of concern.
Then you would
also agree that
the Imperial House
should not be able
to move against
another house at will.
That a formal inquiry
should be launched.
Is this the will
of the Great Houses?
So will it be
House Harkonnen's.
Baron Gbangbala:
Splendid.
We look forward to you
opening the inquest
into the death
of Pruwet Richese
at the Landsraad.
What? You want me
to accuse the Emperor?
If this house isn't up
to the task...
No. I-I mean...
y-Yes. (stammers) I mean,
(nervous chuckle) uh...
Just-Just one moment.
You have
their support.
They're just
looking for cover.
No one is above the law.
Not even the Emperor.
By doing what
the Great Houses
are afraid to do,
you will elevate
this house beyond
its station.
We should
wait for Evgeny.
It is his house.
What has he
ever done for it?
Aren't you tired
of the way they
look at you?
Harkonnen,
the cowards of Corrin.
The past branded us,
but the future can
redefine our name.
Evgeny's not the future
of House Harkonnen.
You are.
(light, tense music playing)
Take a seat, everyone.
Sister Jen, could I
have a hand, please?
(doors shut)
This is an experiment.
The spice will help you
open your mind's eye,
so that I can
guide you
back along
the neural pathway
of your dreams...
revisiting what you saw,
but this time,
you will be in control.
The only way
to master the unknown
is to make it known.
I want you
to close your eyes.
Feel your
heart rate slow.
A vision forms
in your mind.
Now, take your charcoal.
Allow the connection between
the mind and the body
to guide your hand.
Show me what you see.
♪
(Sisters breathing heavily)
You are in control
of this journey.
I want you
to go deeper.
(Sisters sighing heavily)
♪
Push further
into your mind.
Show me what
you see.
Stop this.
Stop this!
I warned you not
to indulge them in hysteria.
It's not hysteria.
Perhaps it's not a dream,
it's a message.
They are dreams.
They are dreams
of anxiety.
They're dreams of--
The well.
(Sisters shuddering)
Tula!
What did you tell them?
- Tula Harkonnen: Nothing.
- (Sisters gasping, grunting)
I want you to bring
your awareness back
into your body.
(unsettling music playing)
And I want you
to feel the floor
beneath your feet.
And I want you
to open your eyes.
Tula, end this now.
Open your eyes.
(Sisters gasping)
Open your eyes, I said!
(Sisters panting)
(Sisters gasp)
♪
(panting)
God is watching us,
judging us.
(shudders)
The reckoning is here.
(Sisters breathing heavily)
(water lapping)
Hmm.
(music fades out)
Your Grace.
All this talk
of shows of strength,
and yet you're here
behind a desk.
What is that?
Imperial
surveillance files.
Machine dealers trading
in illegal technology,
suspected clientele.
So many promising
leads left unattended.
The time
for leniency is over,
don't you think?
Hmm.
The Emperor thought it
unwise to act too boldly
at this time.
If there is
one thing to admire
about the Sisterhood,
it's their
decisiveness.
They choose
where they want
the future to go,
and they make
a push.
You're the one
that leaked the truth
about the Richese boy.
Well, don't look so surprised.
You know why I did it?
The Emperor has
an opportunity
to shore up
his power.
If they fear his wrath
over machines,
they'll fear him
over anything.
Sometimes,
Javicco just needs
that little push.
(tense music playing)
Desmond Hart:
There are criminals selling
thinking machine technology
from the shadows.
(device beeps)
♪
I want you to find these
machine sympathizers
who stir rebellion.
And you show them
that our Emperor...
is in no giving mood.
♪
(muffled club music playing)
(muffled chatter)
Tomorrow,
we purge the sins
of the Imperium.
But tonight, let us
be the sinners.
(inhales)
I know what
you're thinking.
Isn't this supposed to be
what we're battling?
Tiny flecks of dust
that give these monied
bastards all the power.
Yes, it is.
- "Righteous, but not pure."
That's what I say.
- (chuckles)
(inhales)
(exhales) You're never
gonna last if you don't
allow yourself a little
fun along the way.
That's never
been my problem.
(inhales)
♪
Fancy seeing you here.
Care to introduce me
to your friend?
Nope. Come on.
You shouldn't be here.
I needed to get out
and clear my head.
You know
what's funny?
You could've been
the one trapped
in a palace
instead of me.
Vorian Atreides
was offered the throne,
- and rejected it.
- Yeah, maybe he saw
what would come
of the freedoms
he fought for.
Look around.
We defeated
the machines,
but we replaced
one set of overlords
with another.
Yet here you are, partaking.
(chuckles)
Righteous, but not pure.
My father is a good man.
♪
I have no doubt.
But you give any person
that much power,
the only path becomes
to try and preserve it.
How else do you
explain his taking
to that soldier?
Desmond Hart killed
Pruwet and Kasha.
He admitted as much.
Yet my father
does nothing except
become more enamored.
(tense music playing)
What if there was something
I could do to help,
but I'd hurt him.
Sometimes you have
to burn a thing down
before you can save it.
My father...
he survived an atrocity.
But he taught me that chaos
can strike at any moment.
There is no
protectin' from it.
It's better to act
than not to act.
Say what you have to say
to him and say it now.
(light music playing)
I'm sorry.
I, um...
I'm trying to choose
the right path, too.
(light, tense music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
That man
in the portrait
out there...
that's who you wear
around your neck,
in your locket.
It's my brother,
Griffin.
What happened to him?
(inhales)
It's late, Sister.
- It's difficult
for you to be here.
- I'm tired.
And I didn't bring you here
to be constantly questioned.
Then why did you
bring me here?
Wasn't just
to befriend
the Princess.
You know why.
♪
I told you when
I joined the order.
It was my one condition.
I would not do that again.
We are up against
something more powerful
than we are.
Something that
I don't yet understand,
let alone know
how to defeat.
- Your talent--
- (forcefully) It's not a talent.
It's a last resort.
I won't ask unless
I have to.
You already have.
♪
They all begin
along different paths.
Small anxieties
of their own minds.
And then the images
begin to converge
on the sand.
And Kasha's dream
had sand in it too.
And Raquella's vision,
she spoke of red dust.
It was never the well
they were drawing.
It was Shai-Hulud.
And it was here that
I lost control of them.
They started
to reject my guidance.
And this,
they all drew this.
No one... could see
beyond this moment.
I didn't awaken them.
The fear did.
Of what?
This.
Whatever this is.
It calls forth
a terror so crippling
that the mind screams
to save itself.
It could be
the nightmare
is a sign
of what's to come.
Well then we must
tell everyone
before it
consumes us all.
If we did that,
Sister Avila,
it would cause hysteria.
- We cannot hide this
from our Sisters.
- We must.
If what killed Kasha
is rooted in fear...
then fear is
the last thing we
should be spreading.
Ynez Corrino:
His Bashar is a monster.
Father isn't
thinking clearly.
Constantine Corrino:
What can we do?
There's no proof.
Constantine, tomorrow,
you and I, we're going.
We're going to tell
the High Council
exactly who Desmond Hart is
and what he's done.
(light, tense music playing)
You've been
into the spice.
I know Father
may have our heads,
but we could
force the Landsraad
to move on Desmond Hart.
You're talking about
betraying Father...
in public.
I like my head
where it is.
♪
You've let Father
convince you
you're weak
but I know
who you are.
You're the boy who
fought to save me
- when you could've just
run away and escaped.
- And failed.
I didn't save you.
- The Sisterhood saved you.
- You stayed with me...
and that saved me
just as much
as they did.
I need your
help again.
There'll be no coming
back from this, Nez.
You are the bravest
man I know.
Be brave
with me now.
♪
(tense music playing)
(music softens)
Javicco,
it's not too late.
We can still get ahead
of these accusations
over Pruwet
- if you address them head-on.
- It'll blow over.
You decided to attend.
I'm glad I could
rely on you.
Um...
I, um...
I just came
to wish you luck.
The High Council
now welcomes
Padishah Emperor
of the known universe,
Javicco Corrino the First.
May his reign shine
as long as the stars.
all:
May his reign shine
as long as the stars.
(applause)
♪
(applause continues)
Have you seen the prince?
The High Council
will now hear bills
of particulars
for submission.
- Baron Harkonnen...
- (clears throat)
...floor is yours.
♪
(attendees murmuring)
My Emperor.
(music fades out)
Noble Lords
of the High Council...
House Harkonnen moves
to file a grievance
in the violation
of Kanly.
The rules clearly state
any noble house
without first
filing dispute
or declaring
a formal challenge--
Baron... the members
of the High Council
are all familiar
with the strictures
of vendetta.
Your house knows the forms
better than anyone.
(attendees laughing)
(light, tense music playing)
I... along with many...
believe the rules
of Kanly were violated.
I call...
for a formal inquest...
into the death
of Pruwet Richese.
(attendees murmuring)
(indistinct chatter)
Speaker for the Hall:
Which house are you submitting
this inquest against?
Baron Harkonnen?
I can answer that.
The Imperial House.
(attendees exclaiming)
♪
I accuse his new man,
Desmond Hart...
of murdering
Pruwet Richese.
(surprised chatter)
- What do I do?
- I think she just
did it for you.
Speaker of the Hall:
Order! Order! Order!
- Order! Order!
- You want order?
(tense music playing)
- (groaning)
- (thuds)
(grunts)
Let me speak of order.
The moment
you set foot
on Arrakis...
you are prey
to a thousand predators.
I've seen
desert owls
swoop down
and rip soldiers' necks
with their talons.
Then there are the scorpions,
the wandering spiders...
and the wasps.
(attendees gasping)
They hide in your camp...
and prick you with venom
and stop your heart.
But don't be afraid...
for there is
an antidote.
A leviathan...
that rises from the sand.
It is terrifying
to experience.
But when it comes...
soldiers rejoice...
because they know,
for a day,
the beasts of prey
wreaking havoc upon them
will scatter
across the desert,
scared...
of the devil too.
♪
What the Princess says...
- is true.
- (attendees murmuring)
But it was no murder.
You all saw for yourself
Pruwet Richese use
forbidden machine technology.
It was an execution.
(attendees exclaiming)
An execution,
ladies and gentlemen!
Much like how
this whole council
would've been
executed today...
had rebels detonated
this thinking machine
as they had
planned on doing.
(attendees gasping, murmuring)
(machine clatters)
♪
(bursts, energy fizzles)
There are predators
in our midst...
and we need a leader...
who will chase
those predators away!
From now on,
there will be
no... excuses.
No exceptions.
A hard line against
thinking machines
must be drawn!
♪
On your order,
Your Majesty.
♪
(ominous music playing)
(hissing)
(sizzling)
(grunting, groaning)
(attendees gasping, murmuring)
(groaning, grunting)
- (groaning)
- (clothes ripping)
- (sizzling)
- (people yelling, screaming)
♪
(high-pitched ringing)
- (sizzling)
- (straining, groaning)
(groaning)
- (groaning, grunting)
- (sizzling)
(screaming)
(crackling, sizzling)
♪
(screaming continues)
- (wind blowing)
- (thumping)
(sand rustling)
(thumping continues)
(rustling)
(growls)
(growling)
(tense music playing)
- (Desmond sighs)
- (thuds)
(attendees murmuring)
(Desmond grunting)
♪
(exhales)
(breathing heavily)
(music softens)
(Evgeny laughing)
The Landsraad went
that well, did it?
Are our fortunes
restored?
I told you, boy,
you'd find nothing
but misery following her.
She cares nothing
for this house.
Only herself.
Not now, Great Uncle.
What happened?
Desmond Hart headed off
the rebel plot before I could.
He then made
a public show
of his powers,
but...
His blood.
We must send it
to Tula immediately.
She can trace it through
the breeding index.
And then we'll know
exactly who he is
and where he came from.
(light, tense music playing)
You cannot
do that again.
If I overstepped,
please forgive me.
No.
No, I meant... this.
I didn't know.
Every time.
The pain is what
brought me to you.
♪
And here you shall stay.
Mother Dorotea
died from grief
but her beliefs
did not die with her.
There are no
truths concealed
that will not
be disclosed...
or lies hidden
that will not
be made known.
When the judgment comes,
heavens will be set on fire.
(light music playing)
For when we walk by faith
and not by sight,
we are guided out
of the darkness.
Lila,
if you can hear me,
please wake up.
I believe you
are the key
to this reckoning.
You must be
the one twice-born.
♪
Sister Emeline:
You lied to us.
Emeline.
You murdered Dorotea.
You murdered Orry.
You slaughtered
the Atreides.
And now your sins has
brought the reckoning
to our Order.
(thumps)
Your lies must
be cleansed.
I'm going to speak the truth
to the whole of the Imperium.
You won't be able
to silence me like
you silenced Dorotea.
(ominous music playing)
(gasps)
- (blade slices)
- (Emeline gagging)
(thumping)
(gagging)
(rumbling)
(growling)
(yelps)
Lila?
Anirul, wake up.
(energy surging)
(light music playing)
Lila.
(blade clatters)
You're alive.
(panting)
Where am I?
♪
(music fades out)
Valya:
You think I don't
care about my house?
I would've
done anything
for this house.
You're a murderer,
and we're the ones
who had to pick up
the pieces.
I chose the Sisterhood
because they saw me.
They saw my potential.
And Griffin was
the only one of you
who was ever my equal.
(Evgeny coughing)
(coughing continues)
This house is
nothing without me.
You exist because
I allow you to exist.
(coughs)
Griffin went
to his death
because of your
damned ambitions.
Your brother was going
to build us back.
But that wasn't
enough for you.
No. You had
to fan the flames
of a blood feud.
I avenged my brother.
The Atreides deserved
what they got.
You are a black hole
in this family.
(coughing)
You, (coughs) you
took Griffin from us,
and then,
your poor sister.
I did nothing to Tula.
You knew how much
she admired you.
You abused her love
like you abused Griffin's
until you
broke her too.
All you Harkonnens
are cowards.
Too afraid to make
difficult choices.
I will not apologize
for what I did.
And I will not apologize
for my strength!
It's not strength,
it's sorcery.
I saw it that day
before you left
Lankiveil.
I knew then one day
it would destroy me.
(grunts, coughs)
I don't need sorcery
to destroy you, dear Uncle.
Your own weakness
has always sufficed.
(ragged breathing, groaning)
(tense music playing)
(gasping, struggling)
If you'd had the courage
to follow me like Tula did...
it wouldn't be the Sisterhood
that now towers in the Imperium.
It would be
House Harkonnen.
(groaning)
♪
(voices whispering)
male voice:
Valya.
♪
(gasps)
(deep breath)
(sniffles)
♪
I understand now...
what it took for you
to come back here.
And if you're willing
to make the sacrifice,
so will I.
I'll do whatever it is
you need me to do.
Did I push you
too far?
Everyone makes
their own choices.
Including me.
(slight squelching)
♪
Thank you, Theo.
(squelching continues)
♪
(squelching, groaning)
(Theodosia yelling)
♪
(singers vocalizing)
(yelling continues, echoes)
(light music playing)
(singers vocalizing)
♪